How can there be no words?
What's the matter, keep talking?
Yes, aren't you the master planner?
Speak
Ah!
Yes
Is it right?
Mainly analysis
No, I don't know the reaction of sodium sulfate and calcium carbonate.
Do you think there is a possibility?
He doesn't even know what biological cosmeceutical is
Miss Tea, can I ask you a question?
Our products can be said to be food nail art.
And there are no side effects that can be said of food for young children
Excuse me, Miss Tea.
We understand that before your company canned drug molecules in tin bottles for cooling.
But now why is it changed to lyophilized powder?
Freeze-drying technology
It is a lyophilized powder preservation technology
Excuse me, Miss Tea.
Our company's latest biological cosmeceutical
Were they made from living cells or from microbes?
Ah.
I think it should be
Miss Microbial Fork
well known
The fused skin cells cannot grow for a long time in HGPRT
How did you solve this problem?
Ladies and gentlemen, Meicha just put forward a research and development idea
The specific product details also need to be explained by Bai Fangyu
Bai Fangyu, continue to speak
Oh no.
Zhang Meicha is the company's mobilization
Introduce products to so many customers every day
It should be the same as the basic recipe
And he's the mastermind
I have no value for details
What if I make a mistake and delay the investment?
Or let the professional big business look at it
You are a big business and a master planner
Don't you know the product formula?
Didn't you make this PPT yourself?
You keep talking
Or do you know nothing at all?
He's deceiving us.